Hi guys, I'm going to tell you guys today
a little bit about boots
although the helmet is the item
security number one in a second
I usually say that the column protector
for those who do not know the infinite majority
of injuries occur in the limbs
lower legs or the ankles legs
feet and so on
so wear a boot that really
protect is what makes the difference
this supertec model given yesterday stars is
a template I use that stoner uses
that all professional pilots use
exactly the door that the professional
usa has on sale at the store what makes it
a boot so sophisticated and sometimes the
people go to a store and do not know
to differentiate what is a top boot than
a simpler dilation than many times
They end up costing the same thing so I go
tell you a lot of things here
first
Imagine the bike falling on your foot
so the soldering does not
fold
in this sense it is articulated only
this way it has a rigid structure
here that then prevents your piece
crushed laterally it is clear that here
requires a degree of flexibility not to
can walk
ok another feature a protection
very strict for cinnamon because it is a
very sensitive place is every little detail
seam finishing ventilation was
thought over the years and years of
study and evolution of this model
example here is this piece of
metal because here has a slider is all
boot is built so that in a fall
you in no way have your foot
caught suddenly imagine you
sliding on the asphalt and your foot
suddenly sticks to us and sticks to the floor
and your knee flexes and gives a
gives a lock it causes injuries
so look, the person did not notice
transports do not have this
Imagine me slipping from my back what
will shave this region is much higher
there is a rebound so that it does not
chances of rubber sole date
which he will do on the ground and lock mine
leg then all the construction of it has
a reason to be the most interesting and
important of everything and that very few
boots has this sophistication
When you fall, George is flying or
either way is the trend we
hit the leg on the floor and come to the ankle
from one side to the other this boot is
hinged back to back but she
does not move sideways
I'll show it on my foot so I
I can move the bike and I can do it.
walk normally
She wears well is comfortable but I do not
I can turn my ankle to the side
So imagine if I leave, I'll hit the
floor and my foot had not seen because it is
here the secret on the inside is actually
to the staff when they see the vice even play
said it's your two bikes at
which is not a boot that comes two
parts
we first wear this part
inside which is hinged but which has an
structure you have not set the
side
after I wear it I fit my
foot inside the outer structure
following these characteristics is
boot that hooks some call
cod others call the pedalboard
hook when you move is just
using silver idea as it is
comfortable and sophisticated.
It's like a velvet in the touch but it's
extremely resistant not to hurt
bike do not stick to anything because sometimes
a quality boot hooks
five-time dollar on hook is
uncomfortable then it is precisely this
area here that I'm finally showing
have nothing
more sophisticated in the market in terms of
professional boot to manage
supertec any doubt is do not fail to
write
I entered on my site bruno corano punto
com
a hug